So we know how to modify our D-B instance.
And what about taking a backup or a snapshot in terms of A W-S how to re.
How can we take a backup of our RLDS DB instance.
So to do that I'm going to go to my RTX class and from there after the modify method I'm going to say
take Back-Up off for instance.
All right.
And within that backup method I'm going to simply say
backing up the instance
and within the method call I'm going to simply return self-taught client dot.
And since this is the snapshot I'm going to have to create a DB snapshot.
So this is the signature of the method.
So the first thing to do I have to provide is the D-B instance identifier and the snapshot identifier
that I can refer to the snapshot.
And I can optionally of course provide tax to this method.
So let's just pass in the DP identifier to this method so we can pass in anything we want to be backed
up on top of us.
And I'm also going to pass in the D-B instance identifier and I can simply pass in tax too.
All right.
So let's just say D-B instance identifier is D-B identifier and D-B snapshot identifier is going to
be of course let's just rename this
and DBI snapshot identifier and for the tax I'm going to say tax just like that.
So let's go to our deployment class and just type in a new method.
And within that new method take backup.
And what I'm going to do now is I'm going to get our Yes and I'm going to call take backup of D-B instance.
And again I'm going to have to provide my D-B instance identifier so that I'm going to take the backup
of this D.B and I'm going to say my very first snapshot
and what I have to provide else is the tax for my snapshot so I can identify it.
So let's just create a dictionary for these tax and I'm going to provide an array of tax.
And the first element of these tax are as the key value pairs again and I'm going to say key is name
and the value for that key is going to be my first snapshot.
All right.
Just like that.
So I can now passed this in to my method and I can just simply call this to see what's going to happen.
All right.
So let's just go down here and we can just now call this method as take back up and here we go.
So I'm going to run this and let's see what's going to happen.
All right.
Our D-B instance must be backing up now.
So let's go to AWOS castle and see what's happening.
Let's go to instances and as you can see it is being backed up by a couple of us with our trigger from
the Bothell 3 API.
So it is now being backed up and we have to be seeing the back up being provisioned on the snapshot
section.
So as you can see we have two snapshots.
The first snapshot was created by AWOS itself when we first launch our D-B instance.
And the second one is the my very first snapshot that we created and it is still being created by a
W-S.
So we're going to have to wait for a little while to be processed and as you can see it's type is manual
since we triggered it.
And once you finish with that snapshot you're going to see that it is going to be available.
But while taking this out you can see that our my first snapshot tag is already there.
So taking a snapshot of your database is just like simple as that.